So one of the mini van tactic extras you get with the complete web developer of course is the complete
set of official bootstrap themes.
You can check these out themes don't get bootstrapped or come.
They usually cause $99 each.
You can download all three of them for free with this course and use them as many times as you like.
So in this video I'm just going to show you how to get ahold of them and how to make very basic edits
that you can start building your own sites with them.
The first theme is a dashboard theme.
So the sort of thing you might see when you're logged into a web app of some kind shows the user some
stats about their Web site or whatever it is.
The app is doing for them.
So there's some really cool stuff in there.
And of course it all uses bootstrap so super editable and you can add any of the features that we've
seen in this section very easily to it.
The second one is a marketing web site.
So a little bit similar to the one that we created in the previous video.
But I think it looks quite a bit better.
To be fair it's been designed by the makers of bootstrap themselves.
So it's pretty good.
And finally the last one is a kind of social media application theme so if you're wanting to build the
next Facebook or Twitter itself then this would be a great start.
So how do you get them.
Well once you've signed up to either web hosting and verified your purchase of the course then you just
go to either web hosting or current UK slash C.P. slash profile.
If you haven't signed or tweak or web hosting yet then follow the instructions to do that.
In the video at the beginning of the course and just scroll all the way down and right at the bottom
you'll see three official bootstrap themes worth $297.
So they are downloadable from here so all you need to do is click the link and that will then open up
a download box which you just save directly to your computer.
Incidentally the themes are vaguely updated and I'll put the latest version whatever it is here.
So if you're making 8 a site in a few years time with these bootstrap themes you might want to come
back and download the latest version.
All right.
When that's downloaded just go over to find the old Windows Explorer and find the file there it is bootstrapped
themes top zip and then double click it to unzip it and then you'll see all three themes.
Here we go.
So we'll have a quick look at the application one first.
And you can see we've got a number of folders there but the one we're really interested in is the Docs
folder.
And then we're going to open up index Rached DML in crime
and then you can see the Web site exactly as it looks in the picture on theme's don't get bootstrapped.
So it's obviously all completely interactive.
You can start typing in the search boxes.
In fact if you click in the search box expands quite fancily like that if you click out get smaller
again and of course being bootstrap it's completely responsive.
So it changes its design and you even get this dropdown menu effect when you get into the phone screen
size
to edit it then it's pretty straightforward.
You just open up that index so the HDMI will file in your text editor of choice and you can see it's
got a couple of its own CSSA files and then all the content is right here as you would expect if you
wanted to change.
It might be time to visit Iceland link then you can do that.
Or just command and control have to find it.
And there it is or just but it might not be time to visit Iceland.
And there we go.
It updates obviously right away.
So it's pretty simple.
It's a great looking theme that you could use for a huge range of applications.
Let's have a little look at the other see
the dashboard.
Once again we're going to look in docks and we're going to open up indexed raged here mail in crime.
And there it is.
So we've got the date picker built in.
We've got some stats some nicely customized progress bars.
Some neatly styled buttons others et cetera.
You can even with this one customize the circle that whatever you want it to be it's not an image say
if we open it up in text it's to look for new versus returning
and you get you can say it's a donut chart.
So if we changed this to 30 for example and the other one to 130 or leave it as it is then that will
update automatically.
And even these graph curves here are not images we can customize those as well.
So if we have a look for page views and we get you can see that this is being created by a canvas which
is an HMO L5 element that we haven't seen yet but we will look at in the HCM L5 section towards the
end of the course.
And essentially it allows you to draw anything on your page including a graph.
So if for example I crank up that first result to a 90 and we should see the beginning of this line
you get increase right there.
So once again great looking theme really powerful.
And if you want to make a nice looking dashboard for your web app it's a great place to start.
Finally then let's have a look at the Third Theme included.
This is the marketing theme.
So once again we'll look in the docs folder and then we'll open index to out in crime and here we go.
So this is actually four themes in one.
So we'll start with the startup theme.
Again this is created using code.
Although the camera is an image that that's fair enough.
And then we've got a really nicely laid out iPhone screen shot that be very easy to change that with
a screenshot of your app some more information about whatever the product is.
Customer quites logos of customers and really nice images pricing set ups and a nice footer with links
to the rest of the pages on your site.
So I think that looks great.
The minimal theme has got similar content but a different layouts.
Once again looks great.
We've even got a slider here.
So we can share a number of different chunks of content.
And then we've got a bold theme which is a completely different style if you're going for a kind of
music Web site or something a little bit cooler.
All right.
So I hope your brain is whizzing with great ways that you could use those themes and I hope you enjoy
them.
There are a great benefit which you can only get with the complete web developer of course.
So that takes us to the very end of our bootstrap section.
We're now going to look at another way of creating and managing Web sites using a system that actually
powers 25 percent of the web and that is WordPress.